Oh my God. Oh my God. I'm going to be an aunt.
Can you give it a secret?
I want to wait until even tonight during our Valentine's Day day.
Then you used to call me a hopeless romantic. Please, deal.
Maybe I should just stay with you until Ethan comes back.
Don't overreact, Aunt Sophia.
Besides, what bad things could happen in just a few hours.
How's it going over there?
All done. The roses are set in the studio you bought for us, and the fireworks are set to go off at midnight.
Thank you so much. I hope she likes it.
She's going to love it. You should keep doing things like this.
Mother.
Anita's in the hospital. She attempted suicide and has lost a lot of blood. You are her only hope.